Okay.
So now we're going to create our inner pages.
So we have a blog, HTML page that we want to create and also a single post page.
So what we'll do is let's see, let's go into our HTML and I just want to check out the button.
So the blog section which is right here, this read our blog, the ref should go to blog dot HTML.
And by the way, we haven't even looked at the navigation.
So if I click about it takes us down cases, blog contact and we'll add some JavaScript to do the the
smooth scrolling.
But if you don't want to add any JavaScript, you can just leave it the way it is if you want.
But we'll get to that in a little bit.
But let's take care of these inner pages.
So if I go to the blog and I click read our blog, it doesn't exist.
So we have to create that file.
So let's say blog, HTML, and what we'll do is copy everything from indexed HTML and paste that in
and we're going to get rid of it.
See, we're going to keep the header, we're just going to modify it.
So.
Everything that is between actually everything in the main.
We'll go ahead and get rid of for now.
So we'll get rid of that.
And for the title, we'll just say, read our blog.
And let's see what we want to do here.
So this stuff is going to stay the same.
Now, the hero.
I don't want it to take up the entire page, so I'm going to add another class onto the header called
blog.
And let's see, we want to keep that.
Now these these here since we're on a different page, obviously we can't go to the about section.
So what we want to do is we want to point to first of all, home can just go to index HTML, right?
And then if we want to go to a boat, we'll go to index HTML and then the about section.
So basically we just need to prefix all of these with index HTML.
Like that.
And then let's see for the content.
We're just going to have an H one and just say blog.
All right?
Now I'm going to save this.
And if we go to our blog page, this is obviously way too big.
So I want to I want to make this smaller.
I also want to change the image.
So what we'll do is go into our stylesheet.
Let's go to style CSS and let's go down to where we have our hero.
And we're going to add let's see, go right here and let's say hero.
Now, if this also has a class of blog, then let's change the background image.
And you could do this with other inner pages as well, have different classes for those different images.
So we're going to go up one level into images and then what is it?
Yeah, it's actually I have it in the home folder.
It's the same, same image that we have on the home for the blog and then know repeat center center
cover.
And I'm going to change it from height of 100 viewport heights to 30 viewport heights.
So if I go ahead and save this and now we take a look, now we just have a much smaller header now for
the content.
I actually want to structure it like we did with this with the flex columns.
So what I'll do is grab let's see from the index page.
I'm going to grab the solutions.
Section and let's go back here and inside Main.
We're going to go ahead and paste that in here.
Uh, let's see.
So we have section.
Let's actually make this an article instead.
So make sure you switch that and the ending tag to article.
And we don't need a class of solutions.
We do want the flex columns though.
And then for the image, let's use images.
So this is the first post.
So we'll do blog one as our image and for the content, let's see, we don't need I'm actually going
to make this big light and then we don't need an H four because we're just going to have the title,
just say blog post one and then let's see.
Underneath that though, let's have a paragraph with the class of meta and this is where we'll put like
the user and stuff.
So I'm going to put a user icon, so F as and then F a dash user.
And then after that we'll say posted by John Doe.
Yeah, actually let's put strong tags around the name.
So John Doe and we'll put a pipe character here and then the date say April 19, 2020 and then we'll
still have this read more down here as well.
But let's make the button instead of outline.
Let's say BTN Dark, which we should already have.
All right.
So if I save that, we take a look.
There we go.
This is our first blog post.
So the second one, I'm going to copy this whole article.
And we'll go down, we'll pass that in.
And then I'm just going to change the image to blog two.
I'm going to change the background to dark, let's say blog post to.
Will change the user to Jane Doe.
Change the date.
And then for the button.
I want to.
I want to use button.
Light.
Let's see what that looks like.
So there we go.
So any time you want to use the styling, it's super easy.
So we'll go ahead and copy the first article again.
And go under this one and change this to blog three.
I'm going to go back to a dark background.
Three.
I'll just change the date.
We'll keep the same author.
And let's do button white.
Right?
Oh, actually, I didn't want to change the colors.
I want to keep the light because I want them to alternate.
So if I save that and we take a look, so we have the light, the dark.
We do want the image on the other side, though.
Actually, it's only the middle that I want the image on this side.
So remember, we can just add our reverse class, right?
So flex columns.
We can just add flex reverse.
And now the image is on the other side.
So that's our blog page.
Now if I click on the Read More, it should go to a post.
So for each link here, let's have it go to post dot HTML.
So I'll just copy that.
And we want each of these to go to that page.
In reality, they would go to different posts obviously, but they'd all be formatted the same way.
So let's create post HTML.
Now this is going to be pretty simple as well.
Let's see.
So we'll copy the blog, HTML and let's paste that in.
So I'm going to keep I'm going to keep the top here.
Let's change the title though, to post one.
I'm going to keep all this and this too.
So it'll have that same hero image at the top.
But then for the main, let's clear everything out of the main so all these articles will clear out.
And then we're just going to have a section here with the class of post and we'll have an H two with
a title.
So blog post one.
And then underneath that we'll have our meta class, which I'll just copy from the blog html.
So this paragraph right here.
Also copy the text paragraph and then we'll just add a couple more paragraphs.
Let's say like lorem 60, another paragraph, lorem 50 and then that should do it.
So if we take a look at that, if I click Read More, it takes us to the post.
Now I want to style some of this stuff.
I also want the image in there as well.
So what we'll do is add, let's see, we'll go under the meta input image and let's let's go to what
images slash blog and we'll take the blog one image.
All right.
Now, as far as styling goes, let's go to our style, CSS and style the post.
So I'll go let's go above the footer.
So post an ad padding around the whole thing.
We'll do 50 pixels, top and bottom, 30 left and right.
We're going to do the H two post H two, let's say font size 40 pixels margin bottom.
Let's do 20 pixels padding bottom, we'll do ten pixels.
And I want to add a border bottom.
Support a bottom cc see solid one pixel.
So if we look at that, you can see that's our title.
We have this underline for the meta.
I just want to push the content under it down.
So let's say post meta margin bottom.
330 pixels.
Now the image is huge.
So because by default it's width 100%.
So let's change that.
So the post image, I'm going to set the width to a fixed 300 pixels and I'm going to make it rounded.
So we'll say border radius 50%.
I want to display as a block because I want I want to put it in the middle without using flex so we
can display block because by default it's in line and then we'll add margin zero auto on the left and
right and then 30 on the bottom.
So now if we take a look, that's what it's going to look like.
So, I mean, you'd probably have like a sidebar with categories and stuff like that if it were a real
blog.
But this is just something very simple just to add to the site.
So I think we're done as far as HTML and CSS.
Let's just make sure if we make this smaller that the blog page still looks okay.
So everything is just stacked.
If we go to the post, that looks good.
All right.
So in the next video, we're going to add a little bit of JavaScript.
This part is definitely optional.
You don't have to do this, but I like the effect of this being totally transparent at the top.
And then when you scroll down, you know, the background comes in.
Also, we'll implement the light box library so we can open these images up in a light box.
All right.
So I'll see you in the next video.